hello everybody from the neighborhood
movie fan coming here with a little bit
of a tirade because I am a little
aggravated right now the ABC network has
recently announced several renewals
including agents of shield agent Carter
Castle and a lot more other shows Once
Upon a Time got renewed for season 5 so
you know but there is one particular
series that is ticking me off
that they have not elected to renew for
season 2 and that is the supernatural
crime procedural called forever starring
Ewan Griffith and Elena DeLaGarza and
Judd Hirsch ok ABC are you out of your
freakin mind
this show was awesome absolutely awesome
from the pilot to the end of absolutely
incredible and the only thing wrong with
it is that your marketing set that was
the only thing that was wrong with it
was that your marketing of it sucked put
it on put it on top put it alongside
castle move Dancing with the Stars to
another night move them both to another
night do something you're out of your
freaking minds for you know cancelling
this show it has a ton of potential the
acting was great the writing was great
you know yes the ratings dropped but
that was mostly because of your
advertising you know I don't want to put
words than anybody else's mouth but
since he's already made it public let's
go ahead and you know repeat it yo and
himself said that he had run into people
that were basically on two sides of the
board either they had never heard of the
show or they had and fell in love with
it
there weren't really anybody in the
middle according to him okay so bring it
back all right it may not even be I mean
from what I understand it's a Warner
Brothers television project so Warner if
you're watching this do something with
it
don't let it get sent to TV ho and get
it replaced by some stupid sitcom that
you know isn't gonna last more than a
year or two anyway you know this show
could last five six seven eight years if
you would just give it the chance all
right I mean I Elena Delle cars is great
on it Judd Hirsch John Griffith the guy
who plays Lucas the medical examiner
Cameron burrs name sorry but
she was absolutely incredible okay I
mean I watched every single episode of
it you know the guy who plays Adam the
evil immortal was just oh my god I mean
the guy was in the Dark Knight Rises and
played a wuss but you know he wound up
in forever and it was like holy crap
this guy is good he's scared the crap
out of me I mean it's a fantastic show
so do something with it
you know so you know if you love this
show pass this video around send this
video to everybody that you know on
YouTube everybody that you know I hope
it finds its way into you know ABC or
Warner Brothers you know do something
with a share it like crazy guys I mean
if you love this show share it like
crazy so you know renew the show it's
not too late the announcement just got
announced today it's not too late it can
be picked up for midseason it could be
done another thing just don't let it
fall into the abyss so you know I mean
there's just too much potential for it
so don't let it die you know so that's
one fans rant and you know either way I
want to send a message out to the whole
cast and crew the writers the actors
everybody Matt Miller the guy who
created it I mean everybody did an
absolutely phenomenal amazing job on
this show and you know you should be
proud of yourselves like crazy you know
god bless you
so that's it but just please somebody
who's watching this you know don't let
it die this is an amazing amazing
amazing show and it needs to get another
year somewhere even if it's on Netflix
just do something where you know don't
let it sit on a shelf
there's your friendly neighborhood movie
fan signing off thanks